TODO.md, before:

- [x] Viz some data
  - Categorical (by target)
    - Each of these could be a 100% stacked bar chart
      - Don't really care about counts, really just distribution of each
    - [x] gender
    - [x] marital_status
    - [x] education_level
    - [x] employment_status
    - [x] loan_purpose
    - [x] grade_subgrade
  - Continuous
    - [x] annual_income
    - [x] debt_to_income_ratio
    - [x] credit_score
    - [x] loan_amount
    - [x] interest_rate
- [x] Create a preprocessor that
  - [x] Controls which features are included
  - [x] Encodes categorical variables
  - [x] Scales continuous variables
  - [x] Saves encoders, scalers, and processed data (for training)
  - [x] Has a train mode that handles training vs inference differently (e.g. when data is passed in for inference, handle seamlessly)

- [ ] Create an extensible base class neural network (extends L.LightningModule)
- [ ] Create an architecture factory
- [ ] Test baseline architecture for performance (comp uses AUC-ROC)

Commit message:

Created stub for base nn class

TODO.md, after:

- [x] Viz some data
  - Categorical (by target)
    - Each of these could be a 100% stacked bar chart
      - Don't really care about counts, really just distribution of each
    - [x] gender
    - [x] marital_status
    - [x] education_level
    - [x] employment_status
    - [x] loan_purpose
    - [x] grade_subgrade
  - Continuous
    - [x] annual_income
    - [x] debt_to_income_ratio
    - [x] credit_score
    - [x] loan_amount
    - [x] interest_rate
- [x] Create a preprocessor that
  - [x] Controls which features are included
  - [x] Encodes categorical variables
  - [x] Scales continuous variables
  - [x] Saves encoders, scalers, and processed data (for training)
  - [x] Has a train mode that handles training vs inference differently (e.g. when data is passed in for inference, handle seamlessly)

- [ ] Understand class imbalance and set proper sampling/weighting as necessary
- [ ] Create an extensible base class neural network (extends L.LightningModule)
- [ ] Create an architecture factory
- [ ] Test baseline architecture for performance (comp uses AUC-ROC)
